Where are they?
Hahahaha want to know
Kneel down and I'll tell you
Hahahaha
It's okay, you're captured anyway
I have many ways to torture you
What do you want?
I warn you.
If you dare to touch me, try
I'll get my people right away
Selling Yanfang and Han Lili to the dirtiest
The darkest brothels in South East Asia
I'm going to make life worse for them.
Are you not confessing?
You really want to sell them abroad for prostitution
You are so despicable.
Captain didn't expect you to do such a thing
I know where Han Lili is in the distance
Don't say it, say it
Where were they taken?
They went to the yacht
There is someone there who is raped. If you don't save me again, it will be very rude.
They're leaving the country soon.
From here to the yacht
Walk for at least two hours
Don't you have a car?